Data set - https://www.kaggle.com/osmi/mental-health-in-tech-survey
Reference notebook - https://www.kaggle.com/kairosart/machine-learning-for-mental-health-1/notebook

Content
This dataset contains the following data:
Age

Gender

family_history: Do you have a family history of mental illness?

treatment: Have you sought treatment for a mental health condition?

work_interfere: If you have a mental health condition, do you feel that it interferes with your work?

no_employees: How many employees does your company or organization have?

remote_work: Do you work remotely (outside of an office) at least 50% of the time?

tech_company: Is your employer primarily a tech company/organization?

benefits: Does your employer provide mental health benefits?

care_options: Do you know the options for mental health care your employer provides?

wellness_program: Has your employer ever discussed mental health as part of an employee wellness program?

seek_help: Does your employer provide resources to learn more about mental health issues and how to seek help?

anonymity: Is your anonymity protected if you choose to take advantage of mental health or substance abuse treatment resources?

leave: How easy is it for you to take medical leave for a mental health condition?

mentalhealthconsequence: Do you think that discussing a mental health issue with your employer would have negative consequences?

physhealthconsequence: Do you think that discussing a physical health issue with your employer would have negative consequences?

coworkers: Would you be willing to discuss a mental health issue with your coworkers?

supervisor: Would you be willing to discuss a mental health issue with your direct supervisor(s)?

mentalhealthinterview: Would you bring up a mental health issue with a potential employer in an interview?

physhealthinterview: Would you bring up a physical health issue with a potential employer in an interview?

mentalvsphysical: Do you feel that your employer takes mental health as seriously as physical health?